 
​ @ZoragRingael  

Yes, I know the fact that getting a job aboard requires a highly skilled profession this is a problem for Europe but not for USA. However USA also requires foreign people to have a high skill background for work, here in USA many of the foreign people have advanced jobs and the only way for them to get work visa in USA is to prove that they are able to do the advanced work. USA has the most strict VISA and regulation in the entire world. It is why it's so difficult for everyone to get work VISAs and simply tourist VISAs. 

Europe highly lacks in certain industries skills as compared to USA. Such as computer science and computer engineering, USA still dominates in this industry. The sad fact is that, the salary is crap in Europe for anything related to computer tech as compared to American salary. A person in USA with no high school or college degree can get a $100K+ yearly salary as a first time employee in the industry of computer science. While in Europe best economy counties will pay the same person only $60K more or less yearly, that is grossly bad. 
I know this because I work in the field of computer science/computer engineering and I was looking at the salary in all European countries, it's horrible for the median pay of new entry level employees.
The fact is that America has the best tech is certain things and euro has the best tech in other industries. It's not like Europe is the best place to find a job, it's actually the worst place to get a job in the board scheme of things as compared to USA when salary is concerned.

Yes, humans will always discriminate regardless if you're slavic, if you look like slavic, if you are nordic or look like nordic or even if you're non-slavic. It's simply human psychology. We are animals no matter how smart or dumb we are.
There will always be discrimination of some form. I mean you are so blind and rejecting the harsh reality, look what is happening to this very day my friend, you have one slavic country murdering and discriminating another slavic country in colossal quantities. It's literally slavic vs slavic. All the slavic men died and now it's being replaced with other slavics and non-slavics.

You still do not believe me? If you live in a slavic country, Simply turn on the news, watch carefully, listen carefully and finally be aware carefully what is being said on the news my friend. You'll see that slavic people are murdering, discriminating, raping, torturing, kidnapping, robbing and committing crimes against their own slavic people. Just because a salvic person discriminates non-slavics, it simply does not mean that slavics do not do the same to slavics. 

Run a simulation in your head, it doesn't take much intelligence to predict what would happen in the following: 
If the entire world was purely salvic, what do you think would happen on a daily basis?
Hmmm... yeap, you guessed it, you'll see that slavics will start to form gorups of many types of slavics. You'll see that slavics blonds with blue eyes will start discriminating Slavics blonds with gray eyes. You'll see Slavic blonds with gray eyes will start discriminating salvics with green eyes who have dark hair. Then slavics blonds with blue eyes with nice facial nose structure will start discriminating slavics blonds with blue eyes who have large and weird looking nose structure. 

You get my point my friend? 
Simply spreading your false propaganda that slavics do not discriminate slavics is just grossly wrong and wishful thining that slavics only discriminates non-slavics. You simply have no idea what you're talking about and do not know anything about European history or world history and the "slavic discriminating slavic" daily events taking place all over the world. 

But nice try, end of the day, "scientifically", it makes no difference of being slavic or non-slavic or colored non-slavic, this is the fact, you know I'm right. You can deliberately and wishfully stay in complete denial to accept the sad fact, even after I have given you the proof of history, current events and a valid thought experiment simulation.
 
All the slavics and people who looks like slavics keeps it as a locked secrete to not disclose or spread this information about their dirty and murderous discrimination against their own slavic kind on this modern day. This is so that they can reduce it and offload this behavior against non-slavics and colored non-slavics who are completely unaware of it.

Russia is one of those european countries who are not ultra discriminates/racists against non-slavic people and non-slavic colored people among the entire world. You have no experience, you have never traveled the world and have no clue what you're saying.

You have never lived in USA. I know about USA and traveled many places in USA. USA also discriminates/racists against non-slavic people and non-slavic colored people, they will reject you homes and jobs so long you do not live in a multicultural location. Some will even put it in the ads because their state doesn't restrict them. No difference to Russia my friend.

You see, Russia and USA have one thing in common, this is corruption. 
When a country is highly corrupt, they will never ever be ultra racists.
When a country is ultra racists, there will never be great and terrible corruption.
Because they care about money and power more than anything.
You can say that Russia is far more corrupt, this could be true, but I see it no different to USA.

USA is so extremely corrupt, they have their own massive propagandas comparable to Russia.
Here are some example to prove my point:
Google "The September 11 attack". The american government orchestrated this so that they can go to war to the middle east. The companies whole supplied the war tech to america obviously benefited.
Also goggle "Enron" and google "Bernie Madoff", the biggest frauds in the world.
No russian frauds was ever so great as compared to USAs.

American corruption is designed so that people who knows how to play the game can benefit, this is also true with Russia. 

Colored and non-colored slavics who have money can actually live much better than slavics and people who looks like nordics in Russia or USA in the most racists districts (remember, I know this from experience, yes, for both USA and Russia).

In USA/Russia, slavics and people who looks like slavics will always do business with non-slavics and colored non-salvics, this is a good thing. 
And trust me my friend, I do business and from my personal experience, corrupted slavs or people who looks like nordics in both USA or Russia will equally treat in victimizing their customers who are slavs, people who are or look like nordics and people who are non-slavs. What do you have to say about this? Is it not that this is a great discrimination? Any experienced business person will tell you that this is a fact, when it comes to corruption, "racism" directly towards non-slavs is non-existent, the great corruption is affected to all people of all types, inclduing slavs and people who looks like nordics. 

Do not believe me? Guess who are the people who designs and manufactures these war tech supplied to both Russia and Ukraine? If you did your home work, it's people of all ethnic backgrounds including non-slavs and colored non-slavs. 
Factual Example: 
Google Russia's war tech: "Shahed 136 drone", the people who engineered it and selling with great business to Russia, are colored non-slavs.
Also google how ukraine have raised millions of dollars to also buy the same war tech of the "Shahed 136 drone".

What does this tells you? It shows how, the slavic/nordic Russian government and slavic/nordic Ukrainian government, are doing business and buying weapons from colored/non-colored non-slavic people. 
So that both of the slavic/nordic rulers of both countries can eradicate slavic/nordic/non-slavic Ukrainian/Russian people.

Remember, Russia simply does not care about race, they care about money and power. They will murder and discriminate even Ukranian Slavics/Nordics in Russia or in Ukraine or even in Mars/Jupiter. 

As of today, out of the 15K retarded dead Ukrainians decomposing in rasputitsa, how many of them are Slavics and people who looks like Nordics? (Good question, right?) 

If a country is completely not corrupted, this will be the end of the world for both Slavic and non-Slavic people. If Russia was ultra racists, I bet you he would never attack Ukraine since it would kill Slavics or people who looks like nordic in Ukraine.
The discrimination you mention about in Russia is not something which the Russian government teaches and promotes to their children in schools. This is more related to russian ethnic slavic culture rather than intentional discrimination against non-slavs. The slavs just simply do not want to socialize with non-slavs, as an intelligent person you simply just can't force them in raping them or destroying their families to socialize forcefully with non-slavs. This is insane and inhumane. Leave them alone. It's up to them (Slavs) if they want to socialize with non-slavs and feels comfortable to allow non-slavs to rent their home.

Why do you subject that Russia is the only country in the world who does discrimination/racism? My friend, being a colored non-slavic person is USA is so much more dangerous than in Russia. 
Here in USA police will simply murder colored non-slavic people for no good reason other than having the joy of murdering another man, while in Russia the police simply do not murder colored people for no good reason as compared to USA. Police in russia might do corruption but they will not simply kill non-slavics. 
Google "George Floyd", police simply kill colored people for no reason in USA this is not true for Russia. 

That Chinese girl you talk about being discriminated to rent apt in Russia is begging for trouble and thrown in Russian prison. I have been to many parts in russia, I actually visited and lived on both poor and wealthy districts in russia. All russian landlords do not discriminate for rent money. The most least worry I have is to find a home to rent in russia. It is easy to find rent while being a colored non-slavic in russia. I do not understand why it is such a big concern for you. Maybe only 1% of russian homes will do this discrimination, so what? She can simply search the other 99% russian homes who would gladly accept her rent money.

Chinese people are more racists than Russians. I also lived in china, chinese people are more stringy against colored non-slavics. Matter of fact, now that you mentioned it, when I was in china, a chinese airbnb landlord simply rejected me to rent a home right after I lived in russia. Hmm... I wonder why?

Do a google about american racism and Russian racism. You will see america is the winner in the most dangerous, violent and quantity of racism as compared to Russia.
I could live in russia for long time if want to, the discrimination will be less dangerous as to USA. Your discrimination and racism conjecture propaganda against Russia is grossly false and irrelevant, compared to other countries like USA/China, please reevaluate your facts, Russian racism is simply child's play. Discrimination of slavic or people who looks like nordics against their own kind will always exists and takes part on a daily basis, it's just the fact that the media hides it and does not want non-slavic people to know. 
You're Probably a hopeless Ukrainian who never traveled the world, never read about history and is implanted daily with false facts by Ukrainian propaganda.
